World War 1 there was a saying careless
talk costs lives well in footballers are
saying too careless hands cost the
corner grin had a great save
sometimes the save can be a little too
easy at least that's the theory
you can't blame the keeper here vollis
mullet is bearing down on him like a
head-mounted ferret that's enough to put
anyone off
Dave peasant was once out injured for
several weeks after dropping a jar of
mayonnaise on his foot
looks like he's been rubbing it on his
hands as well well he's getting it
everywhere now experience sportsman
takes mistakes in his stride keeps his
cool his composure his dignity
knowing the cameras are always on it
David change wash your mouth out
soccer rules keeper was known as spider
patently in the dressing room after the
game he couldn't get out of the bus
and yet flies and regurgitated his food
I made that up to be honest I had to the
truth is pretty boring he's got eight
legs
years later Brown would let in 10 goals
in one match against Chile m-theory is
getting a bit of practicing Scotland Rob
home to nil against this ultra Mobile's
IOT
let's see that again I've seen some
video players react quicker than us
dog leash twists turns the shot is
nothing special over watch the guy
behind the girl in the yellow
his job is to measure the distance
between Ray clemencies legs there it is
six feet two inches a new world record
Cary's break forgets the laws of gravity
what goes up must come down
think of your own career without scary